1|	The Ruined Gatehouse	|You are at the southern entrance of the Imperial outpost. Foreboding defensive earthworks and palisades surround the remote bastion. North of you lies the main gate, shattered and surrounded with evidence of heavy fighting. Bodies of raiders lie strewn about filled with arrows and crossbow bolts. Abandoned scorpions line the battlements, and a battering ram lies discarded in a ditch nearby.|NORTH=2
2|	A Courtyard of Sorrows	|You have passed through the gates, and now stand amongst the remains of a fierce battle. A lonely tree stands forlorn in the center of the fort's courtyard, with a burnt, tattered Imperial banner waving shyly from one of its branches. The fort's storage building and adjoining magazine lie to the left hand side of you, and the soldiers' barracks to the right hand side. Straight ahead you see the officer's quarters and main defensive tower looming into the gray skies. Rubble blocks the entrance of the magazine; the building seems to have experienced a catastrophic explosion.|	NORTH=3,EAST=6,WEST=4
3|	The Officer's Quarters	|This structure once housed the officers of this fort. The polished wooden floors creak as you tentatively step through the abandoned room. Personal effects of the previous occupants lie strewn about. Keeping you company is a huddled, motionless shadow lying against the wall. Clutched in his hands is broken and bloodied sword. His luxurious panther fur cloak suggests that might have been the commander of the fort, but the dried blood stains pooled and streaked across the floor by him indicates he had already succumbed to his wounds long ago. You decide not to disturb his eternal rest. Ahead of you, to the north, stands a spiral staircase built into the far north wall, leading up to the battlements of the north tower. On your right is a door leading to the mess hall.|	UP=8,EAST=5,SOUTH=2
4|	The Empty Barracks	|You light a torch and peer into the darkened interior of the barracks. You see lines of tightly packed, empty cots filling the room. The barracks are quite sparse, with its cold stone floors and decoration-less interior. As you squint into the murky darkness, you see a small door with a sign indicating that it leads towards the soldier's mess hall.|	NORTH=5,EAST=2
5|	The Mess Hall		|You crack open the door. You step into an empty room filled with benches where the soldiers and officers of the outpost would have eaten together in times past. A raised platform at the western end of the mess hall indicates where the commanding officers would have sat and delivered speeches and news to the soldiers. A door to the west leads to the officer's quarters, and the door at the south end lead to the soldier's barracks.|	SOUTH=4
6|	The Looted Storage Hall	|The door was already flung wide open when you stepped in. This room must have been the storage hall of the fort, random items lie strewn about, and shelves full of miscellaneous supplies seem to have fallen onto each other like dominoes. There's a gaping hole in the roof, some of the debris must have knocked it all over. Seems like everything of value has been ransacked and looted though. As you walk further in, you see a trapdoor tucked away in the corner of the room. There's also a charred door on the north end, that must lead to the magazine. |	NORTH=7,EAST=2,DOWN=9
7|	The Collapsed Magazine	|The door falls off it's hinges as you swing it open. The magazine is a burnt, charred mess, with some of the roof and walls collapsing in on themselves. There's evidence of a catastrophic explosion and fire in this section of the building. Staying here might be dangerous.|	SOUTH=6
8|	The Tall Tower		|You wheeze in exertion as you swing open the trapdoor at the end of the staircase. Daylight pours into the dark stairwell as you step out onto the battlements of the tower. Peering over the crenellations you gasp as you take in the dizzying, beautiful scenery. Rolling hills and untamed forest surround the outpost, the only mark of humans on this otherwise untouched natural landscape being the telltale signs of a meandering cart path leading up the gatehouse. This truly is the wild frontier of the Empire's borders... Lying abandoned next to you is another scorpio, and a weather-worn Imperial banner waving off the end of the pole, facing enemy territory.|	DOWN=3
9|	Musty Cellars		|You swing open the trapdoor and step carefully down a dusty ladder. This must be the cellars. A musty, moldy smell emanates from the room, and you see bookcases lined with forgotten texts and a few ancient barrels of wine lining up against the walls. Seems whoever attacked the fort must have forgotten to check this place.|	UP=6